Hi Hello my name is Lorenz Alvin Tubo, I am a CPP student enrolled in the course of WEB222
and this is a reflection video on how I made my WebFinal Assessment Project. First of As I read 
Instructions on what was required from the project I first saw the Profile and I quickly separated
them in Divs that suit their locations. giving them separate Id's and/or classe's that suite my needs
inorder for them to pass the required output. Secondly I Made links to the Resume and About me buttons
to point to an action to download the resume or to reference to a id tagged "#about-me". I then
filled in the necessary Information below on the about me and academic integrity. added my photo. etc
I then created 7 more divs 1 for education 1 for each college and within each college 1 div for 
date_type class and 1 div for edu_type class each date_type class also is a link to a reference
of the website of the college i went to. the buttons represent the year I studied there.

I created another div for skills and inside it would display my skills in a list with the id
"language-list" and I used a js code for this creating a const lang array with all the skills 
i have or want to have and in the run function i grab the elementbyid "language-list" 
and then used the code for each lang element it creates an item of <li> tag and inserts the 
lang array current index value to  that item and appends it to the language-list element, in turn
dynamically loading it to the webpage. btw used the same code for the provinces the only difference 
is it is an option. 

For the Contact i created more div tags and just placed the regular expression for the pattern that
is required. and made a js code for the radio buttons depending on which they are contacting me for.
The submission button sends the info to an online dumpster but it will display the info you sent to
that page with method post.

For the background I used a JS script for interactive backgrounds I learned months before the code
is too long to explain but basically it uses object oriented javascript principles to create
objects inside of elementid "canvas1" also grabs a radius of the mouse and this will depend
on your screensize. the class particles are created multiple number of times depending on the 
screensize and stored in an array and its motion are randomly generated a math equation is used
within the code so that it does not move outside of the screen.  Also created a connect function
that would basically connect 2 particles with a line if they move close to each other. created an 
animation loop to update their movement calling to draw them at this location etc. 
I think I had a bit of fun outside the project parameters. But overall I think this course
was very informative in forwarding my knowledge on javascript. 